##Add-Computer

###SYNOPSIS
Add the local computer to a domain or workgroup.

###SYNTAX
TODO

###DESCRIPTION
The Add-Computer cmdlet adds the local computer or remote computers to a domain or workgroup, or moves them from one domain to another. It also creates a domain account if the computer is added to the domain without an account.
You can use the parameters of this cmdlet to specify an organizational unit (OU) and domain controller or to perform an unsecure join.
To get the results of the command, use the Verbose and PassThru parameters.

###PARAMETERS

####ComputerName [\<String[]\>]
``` 
Boo stuff here
Do more things
```

Specifies the computers to add to a domain or workgroup. The default is the local computer.
Type the NetBIOS name, an Internet Protocol (IP) address, or a fully qualified domain name of each of the  remote computers. To specify the local computer, type the computer name, a dot (.), or "localhost".
This parameter does not rely on Windows PowerShell remoting. You can use the ComputerName parameter of Add-Computer even if your computer is not configured to run remote commands.
This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.

####Credential \<PSCredential\>

Specifies a user account that has permission to join the computers to a new domain. The default is the current user.
Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet. If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.
To specify a user account that has permission to remove the computer from its current domain, use the UnjoinDomainCredential parameter. To specify a user account that has permission to connect to a remote computer, use the LocalCredential parameter.

####DomainName \<String\>

Specifies the domain to which the computers are added. This parameter is required when adding the computers to a domain.

####Force [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Suppresses the user confirmation prompt. Without this parameter, Add-Computer requires you to confirm the addition of each computer.
This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.

####LocalCredential [\<PSCredential\>]

Specifies a user account that has permission to connect to the computers that are specified by the ComputerName parameter. The default is the current user.
Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet. If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.
To specify a user account that has permission to add the computers to a new domain, use the Credential parameter. To specify a user account that has permission to remove the computers from their current domain, use the UnjoinDomainCredential parameter.
This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.

####NewName [\<String\>]

Specifies a new name for the computer in the new domain. This parameter is valid only when one computer is being added or moved.
This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.

####OUPath [\<String\>]

Specifies an organizational unit (OU) for the domain account. Enter the full distinguished name of the OU in quotation marks.  The default value is the default OU for machine objects in the domain.

####PassThru [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Returns the results of the command. By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

####Restart [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Restarts the computers that were added to the domain or workgroup. A restart is often required to make the change effective.
This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.

####Server [\<String\>]

Specifies the name of a domain controller that adds the computer to the domain. Enter the name in DomainName\ComputerName format. By default, no domain controller is specified.

####UnjoinDomainCredential [\<PSCredential\>]

Specifies a user account that has permission to remove the computers from their current domains. The default is the current user.
Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet. If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.
Use this parameter when you are moving computers to a different domain. To specify a user account that has permission to join the new domain, use the Credential parameter. To specify a user account that has permission to connect to a remote computer, use the LocalCredential parameter.
This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.

####Options [\<JoinOptions\>]

Sets advanced options for the Add-Computer join operation. Enter one or more values in a comma-separated string.
 Valid values are:

#text                                                                                         
-----                                                                                         
{-- AccountCreate: Creates a domain account. The Add-Computer cmdlet automatically creates ...
{For more information about these options, see "NetJoinDomain" on ,  at http://msdn.microso...
This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.

####Unsecure [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Performs an unsecure join to the specified domain.

####WorkgroupName \<String\>

Specifies the name of a workgroup to which the computers are added. The default value is "WORKGROUP".

####Confirm [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

####WhatIf [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.


###INPUTS
####System.String
You can pipe computer names and new names to the Add-ComputerCmdlet.

###OUTPUTS
####Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.ComputerChangeInfo
When you use the PassThru parameter, Add-Computer returns a ComputerChangeInfo object. Otherwise, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

###NOTES
####Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.ComputerChangeInfo
In Windows PowerShell 2.0, the Server parameter of Add-Computer fails even when the server is present. In Windows PowerShell 3.0, the implementation of the Server parameter is changed so that it works reliably.

###EXAMPLES
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>Add-Computer -DomainName Domain01 -Restart

```
This command adds the local computer to the Domain01 domain and then restarts the computer to make the change effective.
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>Add-Computer -WorkGroupName WORKGROUP-A

```
This command adds the local computer to the Workgroup-A workgroup.
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>Add-Computer -DomainName Domain01 -Server Domain01\DC01 -Passthru -Verbose

```
This command adds the local computer to the Domain01 domain by using the Domain01\DC01 domain controller.
The command uses the PassThru and Verbose parameters to get detailed information about the results of the command.
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>Add-Computer -DomainName Domain02 -OUPath "OU=testOU,DC=domain,DC=Domain,DC=com"

```
This command adds the local computer to the Domain02 domain. It uses the OUPath parameter to specify the organizational unit for the new accounts.
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 5 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>Add-Computer -ComputerName Server01 -LocalCredential Server01\Admin01 -DomainName Domain02 -Credential Domain02\Admin02 -Restart -Force

```
This command adds the Server01 computer to the Domain02 domain. It uses the LocalCredential parameter to specify a user account that has permission to connect to the Server01 computer. It uses the Credential parameter to specify a user account that has permission to join computers to the domain. It uses the Restart parameter to restart the computer after the join operation completes and the Force parameter to suppress user confirmation messages.
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 6 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>Add-Computer -ComputerName Server01, Server02, localhost -Domain Domain02 -LocalCredential Domain01\User01 -UnjoinDomainCredential Domain01\Admin01 -Credential Domain02\Admin01 -Restart

```
This command moves the Server01 and Server02 computers, and the local computer, from Domain01 to Domain02. 
It uses the LocalCredential parameter to specify a user account that has permission to connect to the three affected computers. It uses the UnjoinDomainCredential parameter to specify a user account that has permission to unjoin the computers from the Domain01 domain and the Credential parameter to specify a user account that has permission to join the computers to the Domain02 domain. It uses the Restart parameter to restart all three computers after the move is complete.
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 7 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>Add-Computer -ComputerName Server01 -Domain Domain02 -NewName Server044 -Credential Domain02\Admin01 -Restart

```
This command moves the Server01 computer to the Domain02 and changes the machine name to Server044. 
The command uses the credential of the current user to connect to the Server01 computer and unjoin it from its current domain. It uses the Credential parameter to specify  a user account that has permission to join the computer to the Domain02 domain.
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 8 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>Add-Computer -ComputerName (Get-Content Servers.txt) -Domain Domain02 -Credential Domain02\Admin02 -Options Win9xUpgrade  -Restart

```
This command adds the computers that are listed in the Servers.txt file to the Domain02 domain. It uses the Options parameter to specify the Win9xUpgrade option. The Restart parameter restarts all of the newly added computers after the join operation completes.

###RELATED LINKS
[Online Version:](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=289795)
[Checkpoint-Computer]()
[Remove-Computer]()
[Restart-Computer]()
[Rename-Computer]()
[Restore-Computer]()
[Stop-Computer]()
[Test-Connection]()
##Add-Content

###SYNOPSIS
Adds content to the specified items, such as adding words to a file.

###SYNTAX
TODO

###DESCRIPTION
The Add-Content cmdlet appends content to a specified item or file. You can specify the content by typing the content in the command or by specifying an object that contains the content.

###PARAMETERS

####Credential [\<PSCredential\>]

Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action. The default is the current user.
Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet. If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.
This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.

####Exclude [\<String[]\>]

Omits the specified items. The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter. Enter a path element or pattern, such as "*.txt". Wildcards are permitted.

####Filter [\<String\>]

Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language. The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter. The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider. Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects, rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.

####Force [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Overrides the read-only attribute, allowing you to add content to a read-only file.

####Include [\<String[]\>]

Adds only the specified items. The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter. Enter a path element or pattern, such as "*.txt". Wildcards are permitted.

####LiteralPath \<String[]\>

Specifies the path to the items that receive the additional content. Unlike Path, the value of LiteralPath is used exactly as it is typed. No characters are interpreted as wildcards. If the path includes escape characters, enclose it in single quotation marks. Single quotation marks tell Windows PowerShell not to interpret any characters as escape sequences.

####PassThru [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Returns an object representing the added content. By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

####Path \<String[]\>

Specifies the path to the items that receive the additional content. Wildcards are permitted. If you specify multiple paths, use commas to separate the paths.

####Value \<Object[]\>

Specifies the content to be added. Type a quoted string, such as "This data is for internal use only", or specify an object that contains content, such as the DateTime object that Get-Date generates.
You cannot specify the contents of a file by typing its path, because the path is just a string, but you can use a Get-Content command to get the content and pass it to the Value parameter.

####Confirm [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

####WhatIf [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

####UseTransaction [\<SwitchParameter\>]

Includes the command in the active transaction. This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress. For more information, see


###INPUTS
####System.Object
You can pipe the objects to be added (the Value) to Add-Content.

###OUTPUTS
####None or System.String
When you use the Passthru parameter, Add-Content generates a System.String object representing the content. Otherwise, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

###NOTES
####None or System.String
When you pipe an object to Add-Content, the object is converted to a string before it is added to the item. The object type determines the string format, but the format might be different than the default display of the object. To control the string format, use the formatting parameters of the sending cmdlet.
You can also refer to Add-Content by its built-in alias, "ac". For more information, see about_Aliases.
The Add-Content cmdlet is designed to work with the data exposed by any provider. To list the providers available in your session, type "Get-PsProvider". For more information, see about_Providers.


###EXAMPLES
-------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>add-content -path *.txt -exclude help* -value "END"

```
This command adds "END" to all text files in the current directory, except for those with file names that begin with "help".




-------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>add-content -Path file1.log, file2.log -Value (get-date) -passthru

```
This command adds the date to the end of the File1.log and File2.log files and then displays the date at the command line. The command uses the Get-Date cmdlet to get the date, and it uses the Value parameter to pass the date to Add-Content. The PassThru parameter passes an object representing the added content through the pipeline. Because there is no other cmdlet to receive the passed object, it is displayed at the command line.




-------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>add-content -path monthly.txt -value (get-content c:\rec1\weekly.txt)

```
This command adds the contents of the Weekly.txt file to the end of the Monthly.txt file. It uses the Get-Content cmdlet to get the contents of the Weekly.txt file, and it uses the Value parameter to pass the content of weekly.txt to Add-Content. The parentheses ensure that the Get-Content command is complete before the Add-Content command begins.
You can also copy the content of Weekly.txt to a variable, such as $w, and then use the Value parameter to pass the variable to Add-Content. In that case, the command would be "add-content -path monthly.txt -value $w".




-------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------

```
PS C:\>add-content -value (get-content test.log) -path C:\tests\test134\logs\test134.log

```
This command creates a new directory and file and copies the content of an existing file to the newly created file. 
This command uses the Add-Content cmdlet to add the content. The value of the Value parameter is a Get-Content command that gets content from an existing file, Test.log.
The value of the path parameter is a path that does not exist when the command runs. In this example, only the C:\Tests directories exist. The command creates the remaining directories and the Test134.log file.
The Force parameter is not required for this command. Add-Content creates directories to complete a path even without the Force parameter.


###RELATED LINKS
[Online Version:](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=289796)
[Clear-Content]()
[Get-Content]()
[Get-Item]()
[Set-Content]()
[about_Providers]()
